Point `node_modules/bs-platform` to `melange` to disguise `melange` as `bsb` (#3)
melange-re/melange-basic-template: README.md

esy build
```

to build the project. This command, as constructed in `esy.json`,

> 1. generates a symbolically linked dir `bs-platform` in `node_modules`, which effectively makes `melange` the compiler behind the old `bsb` command, and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. generates a symbolically linked dir `bs-platform` in `node_modules`, which is helpful when using JavaScript bundlers like Webpack that expect to find Melange stdlib JavaScript files under `node_modules/bs-platform`.
```

> 2. builds the project using the symbolically linked `bsb` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. builds the project.
```
